Changelog 06192021 (#49403)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Adds bleeding butchery action.
Autodoc installation programs added that almost guarantee flawless installation of supported bionics.
Removes the obsolete 'carrion spawn rate scaling factor' world configuration option.
Make thrown glass items drop glass shards when shattered.

> Adding ability to cranes (excluding tiny) and forklift arms to suspend creatures for butchering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add ability to cranes (excluding tiny ones) and forklift arms to suspend creatures for butchering.
```

> Make thrown glass items drop glass shards when shattered.
> Add ability to cranes (excluding tiny ones) and forklift arms to suspend creatures for butchering.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Makes thrown glass items drop glass shards when shattered.
Adds suspension for butchering by cranes (excluding tiny ones) and forklift arms.
```

[Magiclysm] Adds Workshop Elves, Yule Cats, and Leprechauns.
[Aftershock] Adds Formless Ruins - a new aboveground, low-risk dungeon type.
[Dark Skies Above] DSA is reborn as an actively-developed, total-conversion mod.

> [Many Mods] Fixes problematic faction relationships (one-way aggression).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Vanilla + Many Mods] Fixes problematic faction relationships (one-way aggression).
```

Avoids doing character body updates more than once per turn
When harvesting crops, drops the result on the player's square.
Improves road system connectivity across overmaps.

> Stop failures clustering at high completion percentages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stop crafting failures clustering at high completion percentages.
```

> Stop crafting failures clustering at high completion percentages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Stop crafting failures from clustering at high completion percentages.
```

> Fix not-spring eternal season.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix non-spring eternal seasons.
```

> Fix non-spring eternal seasons.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fixes non-spring eternal seasons.
```

> Stop unreloadable items from being reloadable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Stops unreloadable items from being reloadable.
```

> Fix savegame corruption from teleporting to very distant submaps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix savegame corruption causing teleporting to very distant submaps
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fixes savegame corruption causing teleporting to very distant submaps
```
For grammatical consistency

> Fix savegame corruption from teleporting to very distant submaps

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fixes savegame corruption from teleporting to very distant submaps
```

> Unfreeze trap-avoiding monsters.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Unfreezes trap-avoiding monsters.
```

> Fix ramming at low speed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fixes ramming at low speed.
```

> Fix the crafting success formula when crafter is missing proficiencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix the crafting success formula when the crafter is missing proficiencies.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fixes the crafting success formula when the crafter is missing proficiencies.
```

> Fixes the crafting success formula when the crafter is missing proficiencies.

Reviewer 4: Can probably be left out, this fixes a bug that was not in last stable.
```suggestion
```

Placing specials around cities now scales with city size.

> Fix proficiency books' effect on crafting.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fixes proficiency books' effect on crafting.
```

> Construction of roofs actually makes tile above the construction a roof.
> Partial vehicle damage reduction hotfix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Construction of roofs actually makes the tile above the construction a roof.
Partial fix for vehicle damage reduction inconsistencies.
```

> Fix building ramps and stairs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fixes building ramps and stairs.
```

Implements C++ symbol demangling in crash reports on MacOS, MinGW, and Linux.
Adds tests of automatic triggers for mutations.
Generates a crash report on Android.

> Move Mingw cross-compile CI job from Travis to GitHub.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Moves Mingw cross-compile CI job from Travis to GitHub.
```

> compose.py: Fix --use-all when there are no filler sheets.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
compose.py: Fixes --use-all when there are no filler sheets.
```

compose.py: Don't warn about unused fillers matching IDs in tile entries from main sheets.

> Add a tool to check printf style format string in translations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adds a tool to check printf style format string in translations.
```

Consistently styles code in CMakeLists.txt files.
Adds CMake linting.
Captures ODR violations using GOLD linker, ASAN, or LTO.
Adds a CI action to build and release for Windows.

> Added fail-fast=false and android builds to Github actions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adds android builds to Github actions.
```
